listen so far this is the eighth movie
in the DCU and you'll probably have a
better chance finding a consistent title
for this movie then figuring out which
DC films are or aren't connected we got
Robert as a new Batman which I'm pretty
excited for I think the restarting
Suicide Squad this one Mike's the first
rated our DC you film in theaters and
it's even produced by Margo's own
company I first started pitching the
idea when we're still shooting Suicide
Squad the first time for not views ago
when I pitched a r-rated go gang action
film with DC characters that was a bit
of an uphill battle and now you know it
took a couple years to convince that
sound like this I think this is a good
idea and I think it delivered
even if WB kind of botched let me
explain so there's no doubt that Harley
was a standout of Suicide Squad
you know nobody was a dressing up like
Deadshot for Halloween so when Margo
realized that the studio would
definitely reprise her role she wanted
to be in control I I don't but I also
don't want hurt I want the character put
in a situation that doesn't really
behoove her let's go it's crazy to think
that she pitched the fourth wall
breaking raided our superhero film
before 2016 and the studio was all like
that'll never work you know until it
worked
it just makes these fools look like they
were the ones hopping on the trend I
also remember when DC was so adamant on
everything not being rated R so they
could sell more tickets and they never
swore in movies before but now their
characters do so it just makes it seem
inconsistent it's just funny seeing the
studio be so anal about things while
they're throwing darts at a board hoping
something sticks so I'm glad that
something like Marvel took the lead
because in Suicide Squad there was a lot
of things I couldn't actually do and say
because they're their limitations when
it comes to it in a rating so we don't
want to have those limitations Neverland
even allowed to show wait what now how
hard it is to have a realistic fight
scene when like you punch someone in the
face but they can't like have flowing
blood George still has a playlist feel
that Suicide Squad had sometimes it
feels like a tumblr girl's tick-tock but
I'll take Megan the stallion wrapping
over a breakup over Jared Leto's Joker
standing alongside Rick Ross talking
about a purple Lane on top of it the
direction actually suits the character
it space like a comic it feels like
you're going through panels I even hit
you with that meanwhile to replicate the
comic like nonlinear storytelling as
opposed to what Suicide Squad did which
was um focus on other things Ravi was a
big fan of the Charlie's Angels movies
from back in the day even basing the
villain black mask off Rocco's baddie in
that one and I think I like this one
because it feels like a group of
pissed-off women banding together to
kick ass and that's celebrities like
trying to defeat Thanos by singing
imagine so instead of busting out the
sex appeal they busted ankle yeah it
just give us more freedom with the
violence with the fight scenes and with
the language because these characters
aren't goody two-shoes and it actually
doesn't feel truthful to to put a muscle
on Halloween so believe me when I say
that her fight against censorship does
not go unnoticed
she's Harley freakin Queen in the ads
but she's Holly Quinn in the movie
that's a big spoilers for the movie if
you haven't seen it I highly recommend
it they even released it early so that
you can catch in the comfort of your own
home which is really cool considering
that you know for others we've left the
house several several times and the one
time they can come to us for whatever
reason they don't the story of Harley
Quinzel begins with a cute little
animation talking about her backstory
and now she was raised at a nunnery
but it does fast-forward to the events
after Suicide Squad when Joker and
Harley break up it was the closure I
needed a fresh start a chance to be my
own woman I loved all they didn't even
bother to bring back Jared Leto because
it was busy raising a call but the only
thing Harley is worshipping is back but
what a way to start my new life with the
perfect egg sandwich LRE I completely
agree
I eat breakfast I eat breakfast for a
breakfast lunch and dinner so believe me
when I say this hurt more than this
[Applause]
while you could argue that Harley's
biggest obstacle is herself I do think
that having Roman Seon is like ripping
people's faces off just to make him a
valid threat in the film he was born
into a crime family who didn't give a
crap about him so he becomes a crime
lord whose main form of rent is
attention
he's pretty zany with all of his run the
jewel like statues in his clubs
there are moments right that woman was
gonna break out in his moulin rouge
outfit
he got so used to him being really goofy
I think it was crazy
Oh gross oh I've changed my mind
peel it off Chris Messina also killed it
as Victor's eyes like I highly recommend
the characters story arc from shadow of
the bat but this man brought him to life
he really leaned into the physical
transformation - he literally had to dye
his hair every two weeks in order to
keep the platinum blonde so I think his
hair probably just fell out at the end
of at the end of the shoot for this film
Roman plays a bigger role over Harley
now that Joker's gone because his
protection was the only thing stopping
every other guy who had a problem with
Harvey and I mean every other guy from
coming at her and now that she's under
Roman she has to do all of his bidding
and find a diamond as she clashes with
having to choose business over loyalty
me it's just business but it seems who
would know how to do both Montoya is a
detective in Gotham whose partner took
all the credit for a case and became
chief while her partner partner is the
DA and just undermines her all the time
and while all of the characters are
going through a form of emancipation 1/3
is the only one who isn't a villain like
she's doing this legally and still got
duped I underestimated you
Tina Lance aka Black Canary suppresses
her super powers ever since her mother
used hers to fight crime and it didn't
go well so to play it safe she just
joins them jurnee smollett based the
posture of a character off the injustice
videogame but you actually based the
morals of her character after justice in
the film as yeah peppered with that sort
of everyday misogyny that women have to
put up with from us and it's a good
message to put out there to remind guys
that that that's those days are over you
know those days are over know that right
where do you play obi-wan Cassandra Cain
is an up-and-coming thief who aspires to
be like Harley that was funny how she
she like wants the base or small
independent business of theft around her
idol sadly she decided to deposit a
diamond into herself so now Harley
really has to decide between business
and loyalty as she discovers that the
Joker's notorious reach doesn't even
span as far as she thought did joke
never heard of him
sounds like a dick
that said Joker still went in Academy
Awards so he really ain't going nowhere
the final person we meet is Helena
Bertinelli who goes by Huntress her
family got shot up by another gang but
was graciously spared by one of the
assassins was then raised by said
assassins only for her to become an
archer who's deathly arrows maker an
assassin she starts going down her kill
list before teaming up with the birds of
prey to get the final target that
they're all after I love that they just
blow him up I just found that so funny
in the movie I also loved the Scot
pilgrimage mine she was able to bring
back here again all thanks to the style
of editing and her choreography is so
much better than what they did in Gemini
man like all those extra frames for what
aang thinks the Cathy's decision to go
for longer takes and not do the
obsessive cutting that Studios like to
do I actually like the action the
majority of the stunts were practical
and done by our actors actually and they
trained for months and months with 8711
the stunt company that we worked with
who we're responsible for like John wick
and I think it really helped them form
their character in a way Margo's brother
is a stunt man so you know must run in
the family
the cast and their stunt team we're out
there doing more flips and a palpatine
they're fighting with their hair ties
fighting on the heath and said there's a
shootout in the evidence room that
causes it to start raining cocaine and
Harley snorted it for a boost like it
was Popeyes spinach and I just loved
this shot right here with hunters going
down the slide cuz the cameraman was
really there and got bopped at the end
theme for sure in the film is
emancipation and everyone like you said
is being emancipated from either a
system in Rosie's case a person in
Harley's case with the Joker and
honestly with Black Canary it's a
combination of a few things but honestly
what I honed in more so was this idea of
her being emancipated from a state of
mind overall I really enjoyed this movie
well I don't think it's perfect and I do
think they botched the marketing for it
I do like that they released it out for
everyone to see at home
I love the action I love the theming and
reinventing yourself and realizing at
the end of the day that there's only one
relationship that will never let you get
breakfast so many egg sandwiches thank
you guys for checking out this video I'm
curious to know your thoughts down below
in the comments section again margles
really invested in this character like
it's really close soar so literally I
mean the first suicide scored we did
squad tattoos I mean mines on my foot
right here I also love all the other
Easter eggs like swapping her tattoos
from put into pudding cups J turns into
mermaid she believes in medicare-for-all
I also even like the old-school ones
because those of you who didn't know
she's actually not based off the comics
but the animated series and in the
beginning her dad trades a beer for her
and the beers actually named after Paul
Dini the guy who created the stuff her
roller derby number is a reference to
the year that the you know she premiered
in the animated series so it's pretty
dope and there's also another animated
series out that's like really rated R I
love their problem for it because they
were like you guys know that we cover a
lot of movies and like it's its promo
but people hate it this was like a
perfect thing that pretty much said show
and spoil and everything you want we
know what promo is so I like the
ideology from the people who work on the
character like Harley Quinn I will say
that I know a lot of people are still
wondering how it's going to connect and
out of all the interview research that
we did she's really good with her words
I still don't think it is but this is
what you commented on it does this kind
of continue with with
he's telling you to do on the suicide
squad yeah no exactly again you get to
see another side of Holley and it's it's
kind of interesting you keep getting to
meet or at different points in their
life as if a couple of years have gone
by of course films aren't directly
connected but as an actor I can map it
out in a chronological sense so very big
but you know we'll see you soon any
thoughts down below in the comment
section don't forget to comment like and
subscribe and I'll send you a breakfast
sandwich